README.md, before:

# 🤠 Library UI 🤠

This project was developed for education purposes. Feel free to use :)

## 🚀 Start using it

In the project directory, you can run:

`yarn`

Downloads all dependencies.\

`yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

`yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

`yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

## 🧬 Template structure

This is the structure of the files in the template: test3

```sh
    │
    ├── public                  # public files (favicon, .htaccess, manifest, ...)
    ├── src                     # source files
    │   ├── components
    │   ├── context
    │   ├── pages
    │   ├── resources           # images, constants and other static resources
    │   ├── styles
    │   ├── tests               # all test files
    │   ├── utility             # utilities functions and custom components
    │   ├── App.js
    │   ├── index.js
    │   ├── reportWebVitals.js
    │   └── setupTests.ts
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── package.json
    ├── README.md
```

## ⚗️ Technologies list

-   [Router](https://reactrouter.com/)
-   [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
-   [Moment](https://momentjs.com/)
-   [Antd](https://ant.design/)
-   [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/)

## Screenshots from the UI

Its in the development process.

![homepage](https://github.com/paradyo/library-ui/blob/main/src/resources/readme_photos/homepage.png)
![bookpage](https://github.com/paradyo/library-ui/blob/main/src/resources/readme_photos/bookpage.png)
![loginpage](https://github.com/paradyo/library-ui/blob/main/src/resources/readme_photos/loginpage.png)
![registerpage](https://github.com/paradyo/library-ui/blob/main/src/resources/readme_photos/registerpage.png)
![profilepage](https://github.com/paradyo/library-ui/blob/main/src/resources/readme_photos/profilepage.png)

## Deployment

Deploy it to S3 bucket the build folder.

## 📖 TODO

1. Registration implementation.
2. Users CRUD.
3. Books CRUD.
4. Be able to take a book by user.
5. Unit and integration tests with Jest and Selenium/Cypress.
6. CI/CD deployment to S3.

## ⚠️ Warning

Cloning this repo makes you better developer. Be careful!

## 📖 Learn More

-   [My website: ](https://emrecan.co/) – Contact with me!
-   [My Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHnhd6yOwxKyQTZU1yDqV0w) – Sharing my experience in whole my career.

Commit message:

readme update for medium post

README.md, after:

# 🤠 Library UI 🤠

This project was developed for education purposes. Feel free to use :)

## 👨🏻‍💻 Never forget to read the Medium post for architecture!

[Click here for detailed Medium post.](https://paradyo.medium.com/how-an-engineer-builds-software-library-app-786a1bc95cf8)

## 🚀 Start using it

In the project directory, you can run:

`yarn`

Downloads all dependencies.\

`yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

`yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

`yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

## 🧬 Template structure

This is the structure of the files in the template: test3

```sh
    │
    ├── public                  # public files (favicon, .htaccess, manifest, ...)
    ├── src                     # source files
    │   ├── components
    │   ├── context
    │   ├── pages
    │   ├── resources           # images, constants and other static resources
    │   ├── styles
    │   ├── tests               # all test files
    │   ├── utility             # utilities functions and custom components
    │   ├── App.js
    │   ├── index.js
    │   ├── reportWebVitals.js
    │   └── setupTests.ts
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── package.json
    ├── README.md
```

## ⚗️ Technologies list

-   [Router](https://reactrouter.com/)
-   [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
-   [Moment](https://momentjs.com/)
-   [Antd](https://ant.design/)
-   [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/)

## Screenshots from the UI

Its in the development process.

![homepage](https://github.com/paradyo/library-ui/blob/main/src/resources/readme_photos/homepage.png)
![bookpage](https://github.com/paradyo/library-ui/blob/main/src/resources/readme_photos/bookpage.png)
![loginpage](https://github.com/paradyo/library-ui/blob/main/src/resources/readme_photos/loginpage.png)
![registerpage](https://github.com/paradyo/library-ui/blob/main/src/resources/readme_photos/registerpage.png)
![profilepage](https://github.com/paradyo/library-ui/blob/main/src/resources/readme_photos/profilepage.png)

## Deployment

Deploy it to S3 bucket the build folder.

## 📖 TODO

1. Registration implementation.
2. Users CRUD.
3. Books CRUD.
4. Be able to take a book by user.
5. Unit and integration tests with Jest and Selenium/Cypress.
6. CI/CD deployment to S3.

## ⚠️ Warning

Cloning this repo makes you better developer. Be careful!

## 📖 Learn More

-   [My website: ](https://emrecan.co/) – Contact with me!
-   [My Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHnhd6yOwxKyQTZU1yDqV0w) – Sharing my experience in whole my career.
